chore(docs): restructure and rewrite content in documentation and quality standards chapters (#74)
otto-de/api-guidelines: api-guidelines/global/core-principles/documentation.md

# Documentation

We strive to make API implementation a breeze with meaningful, easy-to-understand documentation.
This includes, but is not limited to:

- [Accessibility and usability](#accessibility-and-usability)
- [Code examples](#code-examples)
- [Context and walkthroughs](#context-and-walkthroughs)
- [Up-to-dateness](#up-to-dateness)

## Accessibility and usability

- We provide access to all API endpoints in a central location, some sort of documentation portal at the best, to ensure that users can easily use the API.

> - The documentation is browsable.

Reviewer: My first suggestion was this:

```suggestion
- The documentation is browsable across all available endpoints.
```

But then I moved on to the next bullet point and figured out that I duplicated content with my suggestion. Actually I would remove this bullet point completely as I do not see the added value of it.

> - A well-structured sidebar ensures that the documentation can be navigated so that all the endpoints can be accessed.

Reviewer: Somewhat duplicated by "All information is easily discoverable, easy to digest, and prepared in a way that users can effectively work with it." Maybe remove it or at least shorten it to focus on the sidebar?

```suggestion
- A well-structured sidebar ensures that the documentation can be easily navigated.
```

> - We give users the chance to get in touch with us.

Reviewer: Isn't that covert (even better) in "Quality standards"?

Reviewer 2: I don't see why. IMHO quality standards is more about the standards we set for our APIs. For me, quality standards has nothing to do with "get into contact".

Author: This one is about giving API consumers the change to get in touch with the providers. Which is what we implemented with "Support" on the API Portal. I would leave it here.

- All information is easily discoverable, easy to digest, and prepared in a way that users can effectively work with it.
- We'll be consistent with our tone of voice, terminology, attribute names, API endpoint design, requests and responses, and counting.
- The layout supports usability accordingly, e.g. with syntax highlighting or multi-column layout.

## Code examples

- Every endpoint documentation comes with examples and also provides schemas listing the available attributes with explanatory text.
- Request and response examples that belong to every endpoint documentation have meaningful default values that follow a specific story.

> - Code examples and explanatory text are visually separated.

Reviewer: Not sure if I get your point here. Sometimes, having an additional example right below the description in the spec helps to understand the property... So I would not force them to only have them in the examples section...

Reviewer 2: I'm with @cgebken on this. The closer the example is to the definition that the example tries to demonstrate, the better.

Author: Good point. This was actually not related to the spec but to the visualization in the portal. I'll change that.

> - API endpoints and examples are shown in context.

Reviewer: I do not really get what this is about :( :D

Author: I removed it, as discussed in person.

> - API endpoints and examples are shown in context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- API endpoints and examples are shown in business context.
```

- API reference documentation is created and published automatically, see [MUST provide API specification using OpenAPI](../../rest/contract/openapi/rules/must-provide-api-specification-using-openapi-for-rest-apis.md).

## Context and walkthroughs

- We give context for API usage such as information about HTTP methods, API operations, request and response headers, versioning, pagination, or errors.

> - With step-by-step walkthroughs we'll cover specific functionality that can be implemented with the API.

Reviewer: I would remove that as I don't see us doing that soonish :D

> - We cater for experienced users that already have an idea of the endpoints to be used, and at the same time provide the respective structure and information for inexperienced users who need a thorough introduction and/or example use cases.

Reviewer: Sidenote: We definitely need to update https://github.com/otto-ec/ottoapi_portal/wiki/Language-&-Grammar#andor in order to allow this edge case :D "and or or" would be pretty weird in this case :D

Author: Navigated around it ;-)

> - We provide an overview of the most likely tasks to perform with the API.

Reviewer 2: Do you have an example of when we are actually doing this? Seems like a legit goal but our API reference tells another story.

Author: It's a same as with the walkthroughs... When we wrote this in the past, we've been a bit overambitious ;-) We're not there yet. So I'll remove it.

## Up-to-dateness

- The API is well-documented and up-to-date.  

> - Users can flawlessly integrate and are informed about recent changes.

Reviewer 2: At the moment, users can only inform themselves about recent changes. There is no automation to subscribe to changes of one specific endpoint.

Author: This relates to the changelog. I'll rewrite this.
